Muti FeeHandlers - Claim multi epoch (#45)
protofire/kyber-pool-master-proxy-contract: docs/contract-apis.md

- total reward for the epoch is 0

---
function **`getUnclaimedRewards`**(uint256 _epoch, IExtendedKyberFeeHandler _feeHandler) public view returns (uint256)
| Parameter | Type | Description |
| ---------- |:-------:|:-------------------:|
| `epoch` | uint256 | for which epoch is querying unclaimed reward |
| `_feeHandler` | address | the address of the FeeHandler |

#### Example
Query some pool unclaimed reward for epoch 5 for FEE_HANDLER_ADDRESS

```bash
eth contract:call --NETWORK KyberPoolMaster@KYBER_POOL_MASTER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS 'getUnclaimedRewards(SOME_POOL_MEMBER_ADDRESS, 5, FEE_HANDLER_ADDRESS)'
```

#### getAllEpochWithUnclaimedRewards
Queries the epochs with at least one feeHandler paying rewards, for the pool

---
function **`getAllEpochWithUnclaimedRewards`**() external view returns (uint256[] memory)

#### Example
Query all epocho where the pool has some rewards pending to be claimed in at least 1 FeeHandler

```bash
eth contract:call --NETWORK KyberPoolMaster@KYBER_POOL_MASTER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS 'getAllEpochWithUnclaimedRewards()'
```

#### claimRewardsMaster
Claims rewards for a given group of epochs in all feeHandlers, distribute fees and its share to poolMaster.

> **This function needs to be executed in orde to be able for a member to claim it share.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This function needs to be executed in order to be able for a member to claim its share.**
```

| `_feeHandler` | address | the address of the new FeeHandler |

#### Example
Query some pool member unclaimed reward for epoch 5 for FEE_HANDLER_ADDRESS

```bash
eth contract:call --NETWORK KyberPoolMaster@KYBER_POOL_MASTER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS 'getUnclaimedRewardsMember(SOME_POOL_MEMBER_ADDRESS, 5, FEE_HANDLER_ADDRESS)'
```

#### getAllEpochWithUnclaimedRewardsMember
Queries the epochs with at least one feeHandler paying rewards, for a the poolMember

---
function **`getAllEpochWithUnclaimedRewardsMember`**(address _poolMember) external view returns (uint256[] memory)
| Parameter | Type | Description |
| ---------- |:-------:|:-------------------:|
| `_poolMember` | address | address of pool member |

```bash
eth contract:call --NETWORK KyberPoolMaster@KYBER_POOL_MASTER_CONTRACT_ADDRESS 'getAllEpochWithUnclaimedRewardsMember(SOME_POOL_MEMBER_ADDRESS)'
```

#### claimRewardMember
PoolMember Claims rewards for a given group of epochs in all feeHandlers.
It will transfer rewards where epoch->feeHandler has been claimed by the pool and not yet by the member.
This contract will keep locked remainings from rounding at a wei level.

> **In order for a member to call sucesfully this function for a specific epoch, claimRewardsMaster needs to be executed before for the same epoch.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**In order for a member to call successfully this function for a specific epoch, claimRewardsMaster needs to be executed before for the same epoch.**
```
